[data] [docs] Update dataset docs to reflect strict mode simplifications (#34880)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/data-tensor-support.rst

        :start-after: __create_parquet_3_begin__
        :end-before: __create_parquet_3_end__

Processing Tensor Data
----------------------

Like any other Datastream, Datastreams with tensor columns can be processed in batches via :meth:`ds.iter_batches <ray.data.Datastream.iter_batches>` and :meth:`ds.map_batches <ray.data.Datastream.map_batches>` APIs. This section shows the available batch formats and their behavior:

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: "numpy" (default)

      .. literalinclude:: ./doc_code/tensor.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: __consume_numpy_2_begin__
        :end-before: __consume_numpy_2_end__

    .. tab-item:: "pandas"

      .. literalinclude:: ./doc_code/tensor.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: __consume_pandas_2_begin__
        :end-before: __consume_pandas_2_end__

    .. tab-item:: "pyarrow"

      .. literalinclude:: ./doc_code/tensor.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: __consume_pyarrow_2_begin__
        :end-before: __consume_pyarrow_2_end__

Saving Tensor Data
------------------

> Because tensor data rlies on Datastreams-specific extension types, they can only be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because tensor data relies on Datastream-specific extension types, they can only be
```
